# Participants

* Michael Aye (MA)
* Bob West (BW)
* Greg Holsclaw (GH)
* Todd Bradley

# Agenda: 

## Bad pixels
* The fact that Steffl didn't determine bad pixels but according to his notes got a list of them from Bill
  * Should ask Bill about this, but need to come up with our own procedure anyway.
* What kind of observations are good to determine low-sensitivity pixels? 
  * Need constant-ish illumination where weak pixels will pop out in the histogram?
  * BW: Used Saturn data, a lot of it
    * Ideally 0 phase angle
    * S/C close to Saturn, FOV doesn't extend much, about 10 degree, pretty good Flatfield
    * Only usable in right-most third part of spectrum, otherwise too low signal
    * Greg pointed out that star rasters have higher SNR

## FF correction
  
* Do individual pixels change over time? Independent question from having "A" FF correction at one time.
* About Greg's FF modifiers: They adjust the original Steffl FF, using a specific procedure to determine current base sensitivity.
* MA will check manual if FF modification procedure is documented in the manual.
* GH points out that a lof of comments are in the main calibration IDL procedure file.

### FUV FF corrections
* Steffls thesis speaks of the procedure to use the 5 equation/5 unknows set of equations to solve,
* but in his procedures on the UVIS website I only see the "simple" column-to-column FF correction implemented.
* MA sent email to Steffl asking about this.
* MA showed symbolic solution for f1 being monstrous. Will give it a quick try to see if it provides anything reasonable.

# Action items and next agenda
* Brad will go through flow chart of cube generator
* MA will read current FF and compare with his implementation
* MA will implement solution to 5 equation system to see if it makes sense.
